Add IsDown Integration (#1700)
DataDog/integrations-extras: isdown/README.md

## Setup

### IsDown

To connect Datadog to IsDown, you need to generate an [API key][5] in Datadog and add it to your IsDown account.

1. Use your existing account or create a new one in [IsDown][1].
2. Log in to your account and go to the **Notifications** page.
3. Add your API Key and select if you're using the US or EU [Datadog site][4].
4. Click **Save**.
5. Select the services you want to monitor.
6. In each service you can choose the notification settings.

### Uninstallation

1. Go to the **Notifications** page in IsDown.
2. Unselect Datadog and click **Save**.
3. In Datadog, delete your API Key dedicated to IsDown.

## Data Collected

### Service Checks

See [service_checks.json][3] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.

### Events

IsDown sends events for each outage that happens in the services you monitor. It sends two types of events, one for the start of the outage and one for the end of the outage. The events are sent with the following attributes:

> - Title: The name of the service with the outage title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Title: The name of the service with the outage.
```

# Agent Check: IsDown

## Overview

> [IsDown][1] is a status page aggregator & outage monitoring tool that helps businesses stay on top of their critical dependencies. Provide your team real-time monitoring and instant notifications for outages in all your tools and cloud providers. We monitor more than 2000 status pages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[IsDown][1] is a status page aggregator and outage monitoring tool that helps businesses monitor their dependencies. You can provide your team real-time monitoring and instant notifications for outages in all your tools and cloud providers. IsDown monitors more than 2000 status pages.
```

What IsDown offers:

> * Get outage alerts in Datadog from all your third-party dependencies ( SaaS, PaaS, Cloud Providers, etc.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Get outage alerts in Datadog from all your third-party dependencies (SaaS, PaaS, Cloud Providers, and so on)
```

> * Understand the frequency of outages through your different providers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Understand the frequency of outages across your different providers
```

> * Have the external outages together with the internal information

Reviewer 2: Would it be possible to clarify or add details about the `internal information` here?

Author: I've added more information.

> * Set monitoring for specific parts or the whole provider

Reviewer 2: Would it be possible to clarify or add an example to this line?

Author: I've added more information.

## Setup

### IsDown

To connect Datadog to IsDown, you need to generate an API key in Datadog and add it to your IsDown account.

1. Use your existing account or create a new one in [IsDown][1].

> 2. Log in to your account and go to the Notifications page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Log in to your account and go to the **Notifications** page.
```

3. Add your API Key and select if you're using the US or EU Datadog site.

> 4. Click Save.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Click **Save**.
```

5. Select the services you want to monitor.
6. In each service you can choose the notification settings.

### Uninstallation

> 1. Go to the Notifications page in IsDown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Go to the **Notifications** page in IsDown.
```

> 2. Unselect Datadog and click Save.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Unselect Datadog and click **Save**.
```

> 3. Delete you API Key dedicated to IsDown from Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. In Datadog, delete your API Key dedicated to IsDown.
```

## Data Collected

### Service Checks

> IsDown sends service checks for each service you monitor. The service check name is `isdown`, with the host being the service name. The status is `OK` if the service is up and `WARNING` or `CRITICAL` depending on the severity of the status of a service.

Reviewer 2: I believe this information should exist in the `service_checks.json` file as mentioned in our integration assets reference here:
https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/check_references/#service-check-file

Once the `service_checks.json` file is correctly populated, replace this content with the following line and link to the file, which will allow its contents to be automatically rendered on the docs page:
`See [service_checks.json][x] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.`

Let me know if you have any questions!

### Events

> IsDown sends events for each outage that happens in the services you monitor. It sends two types of events, one for the start of the outage and one for the end of the outage. The event is send with these attributes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IsDown sends events for each outage that happens in the services you monitor. It sends two types of events, one for the start of the outage and one for the end of the outage. The events are sent with the following attributes:
```

# Agent Check: IsDown

## Overview

[IsDown][1] is a status page aggregator and outage monitoring tool that helps businesses monitor their dependencies. You can provide your team real-time monitoring and instant notifications for outages in all your tools and cloud providers. IsDown monitors more than 2000 status pages.

What IsDown offers:

* Get outage alerts in Datadog from all your third-party dependencies (SaaS, PaaS, Cloud Providers, and so on)
* Understand the frequency of outages across your different providers
* Have the outages from your third-party providers together with the information you gather in other systems in Datadog.
* Set which components from a service you want to monitor. This way you avoid getting alerts from parts of a service that are not critical for your business.

## Setup

### IsDown

> To connect Datadog to IsDown, you need to generate an API key in Datadog and add it to your IsDown account.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To connect Datadog to IsDown, you need to generate an [API key][5] in Datadog and add it to your IsDown account.
```

1. Use your existing account or create a new one in [IsDown][1].
2. Log in to your account and go to the Notifications page.
3. Add your API Key and select if you're using the US or EU Datadog site.
4. Click Save.
5. Select the services you want to monitor.
6. In each service you can choose the notification settings.

### Uninstallation

1. Go to the **Notifications** page in IsDown.
2. Unselect Datadog and click **Save**.
3. In Datadog, delete your API Key dedicated to IsDown.

## Data Collected

### Service Checks

See [service_checks.json][3] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.

### Events

IsDown sends events for each outage that happens in the services you monitor. It sends two types of events, one for the start of the outage and one for the end of the outage. The events are sent with the following attributes:
- Title: The name of the service with the outage title.
- Device Name: The name of the service.
- Text: The description of the outage.
- Tags: `isdown` and `isdown:service_name`.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [IsDown support][2].

> [1]: https://isdown.app
> [2]: mailto:support@isdown.app
> [3]: assets/service_checks.json
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[1]: https://isdown.app
[2]: mailto:support@isdown.app
[3]: assets/service_checks.json
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/#overview
[5]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys
```
